docs: OrderPlaced integration (#1130)
vtex/faststore: docs/docs/how-to-guides/platform-integration/vtex-integration.md

## Go-live checklist

### Storefront development

<input type="checkbox" id="1" name="1"/>
<label for="1"> Develop your storefront with FastStore. <i>See <a href="/tutorials/gatsby-overview">this tutorial</a> for more info.</i></label><br/>

### VTEX integration

<input type="checkbox" id="2" name="2"/>
<label for="2"> Configure your website's domain and subdomain. <i>See <a href="/how-to-guides/platform-integration/vtex/hosting-a-faststore-vtex-website">this doc</a> for more info.</i></label><br/>    
<input type="checkbox" id="3" name="3"/>
<label for="3"> Integrate the VTEX Login with your FastStore project. <i>See <a href="/how-to-guides/platform-integration/vtex/integrating-the-vtex-login">this doc</a> for more info.</i></label><br/> 
    <ul className="pl-5">
        <li>Open your store website and log into it. Check if you are indeed logged in and that you are redirected to your store's Home Page after logging in.</li>
    </ul>
<input type="checkbox" id="4" name="4"/>

> <label for="4"> Clone, edit, and install the <a href="https://github.com/vtex/storeframework.store-theme/"><code>faststore-integrations</code></a> app on your VTEX account. <i>See <a href="/">this doc</a> for more info (Coming Soon.)</i></label><br/> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<label for="4"> Clone, edit, and install the <a href="https://github.com/vtex/storeframework.store-theme/"><code>faststore-vtex-integrations</code></a> app on your VTEX account. <i>See <a href="/how-to-guides/platform-integration/vtex/integrating-vtex-orderplaced-myaccount">this doc</a> for more info.</i></label><br/> 
```

> <label for="4"> Clone, edit, and install the <a href="https://github.com/vtex/storeframework.store-theme/"><code>faststore-vtex-integrations</code></a> app on your VTEX account. <i>See <a href="/how-to-guides/platform-integration/vtex/integrating-vtex-orderplaced-myaccount">this doc</a> for more info.</i></label><br/> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<label for="4"> Clone, edit, and install the <a href="https://github.com/vtex/faststore-vtex-integrations/"><code>faststore-vtex-integrations</code></a> app on your VTEX account. <i>See <a href="/how-to-guides/platform-integration/vtex/integrating-vtex-orderplaced-myaccount">this doc</a> for more info.</i></label><br/> 
```

    <ul className="pl-5">
        <li>Open your store website and add an item to the shopping cart. Then, go to the Checkout and check if:
            <ol className="pl-5">
                <li>The products added to your shopping cart are the same presented in the Checkout.</li>
                <li>You are redirected to the Order Placed page once you complete the Checkout flow.</li>
            </ol>
        </li>
        <li>Open your store website and click on <strong>My Orders</strong>. Check if you are redirected to the MyAccount page.</li>
    </ul>
<input type="checkbox" id="5" name="5"/>

> <label for="5"> Adjust the Header links with the appropriate links to the Checkout and MyAccount pages.<i>See <a href="/">this doc</a> for more info (Coming Soon.)</i></label><br/> 

Reviewer: @victorhmp Esse item pode tirar agora com o boilerplate, né?
